Add contributing and reviewing guidelines (#4)
Dlang-UPB/D-Summer-School: REVIEWING.md

# Reviewing contributions to D Summer School

> These are recommendations when reviewing contributions to the Operating Systems OER.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are recommendations when reviewing contributions to the D Summer School repository.
```
